“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
― Dr. Seuss

“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.”
― Albert Einstein

“We make a living by what we get. We make a life by what we give.”
  Winston S. Churchill

“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“You educate a man; you educate a man. You educate a woman; you educate a generation.”
― Brigham Young

“The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.”
― Augustine of Hippo

“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” 
― Nelson Mandela

“Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation.” 
― Walter Cronkite

“So live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart. Trouble no one about their
religion;respect others in their view, and demand that they respect yours. Love your life, perfect
your life, beautify all things in your life.Seek to make your life long and its purpose in the service 
of your people.Prepare a noble death song for the day when you go over the great divide. Always give a 
word or a sign of salute when meeting or passing a friend,even a stranger, when in a lonely place.Show 
respect to all people and grovel to none. When you arise in the morning give thanks for the food and for 
the joy of living.If you see no reason for giving thanks, the fault lies only in yourself. Abuse no one 
and no thing, for abuse turns the wise ones to fools and robs the spirit of its vision. When it comes 
your time to die, be not like those whose hearts are filled with the fear of death, so that when their 
time comes they weepand pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way.
Sing your death song and die like a hero going home.” 
― Tecumseh

“It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry 
aloud for blood, more vengeance, more desolation. War is hell.” 
― William T. Sherman

“Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something.” 
― Plato

“We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.” 
― Plato

“Only the dead have seen the end of war.” 
― Plato

“According to Greek mythology, humans were originally created with four arms, four legs and a head with two faces. 
Fearing their power, Zeus split them into two separate parts, condemning them to spend their lives in search of their other halves.” 
― Plato, The Symposium

“Never discourage anyone...who continually makes progress, no matter how slow.” 
― Plato

“good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws” 
― Plato

“If women are expected to do the same work as men, we must teach them the same things.” 
― Plato, The Republic

“Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company.” 
― Benjamin Franklin Wade

“May you live every day of your life.” 
― Jonathan Swift

“We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.” 
― May Sarton

“If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?” 
― Albert Einstein

“One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose 
and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away.” 
― Stephen Hawking

“Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.” 
― Benjamin Spock

“To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.” 
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone

“I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it.” 
― Mark Twain

“No! Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try.” 
― Master Yoda

“Always remember, your focus determines your reality.” 
― George Lucas

“Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering.” 
― George Lucas, Star Wars - Episode I: The Phantom Menace

“Rejoice for those around you who transform into the Force. Mourn them, do not. Miss them, do not. Attachment leads to jealousy. 
The shadow of greed, that is. Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose” 
― George Lucas


“We sleep safely at night because rough men stand ready to visit violence on those who would harm us.” 
― Winston S. Churchill

“If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.” 
― George S. Patton Jr.

“Retreat? Hell, we just got here!”
— Marine Captain Lloyd Williams,

“I hear a lot of crap about what a glorious thing it is to die for your country. It isn’t glorious—it’s stupid! You don’t go into battle to die for your country. 
You go into battle to make the other bastard die for his country.”
— General George S. Patton, Jr., speaking to troops in 1941

“People tell me I saved hundreds and hundreds of people. But I have to tell you: It’s not the people you saved that you remember. It’s the ones you couldn’t save.”
— Navy SEAL Chris Kyle, American Sniper

“Leadership is an opportunity to serve. It is not a trumpet call to self-importance.”
- J.Donald Walters

“Great leaders inspire. They maintain a hopeful attitude, even in the face of discouraging setbacks, constant criticism and abundant opposition. People don’t 
follow discouraged leaders. They follow those who persist with hope.”
- RICK WARREN, Ladies’ Home Journal, Oct. 2008

“Lead me, follow me, or get the hell out of my way.”
- George S. Patton Jr., Patton Principles

“My own definition of leadership is this: The capacity and the will to rally men and women to a common purpose and the character which inspires confidence.”
- General George Patton

“Don’t ever let somebody tell you you can’t do something, not even me. Alright? You dream, you gotta protect it. People can’t do something themselves, they 
wanna tell you you can’t do it. If you want something, go get it. Period.”
– Chris Gardner, from The Pursuit of Happyness

“All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.”
– Gandalf, from Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring

“Some people can’t believe in themselves until someone else believes in them first.”
– Sean Maguire, from Good Will Hunting

“Being perfect is not about that scoreboard out there. It’s not about winning. It’s about you and your relationship with yourself, your family and your friends. 
Being perfect is about being able to look your friends in the eye and know that you didnt let them down because you told them the truth. And that truth is you 
did everything you could. There wasnt one more thing you could’ve done. Can you live in that moment as best you can, with clear eyes, and love in your heart, 
with joy in your heart? If you can do that gentleman – you’re perfect!”
– Coach Gary Gaines, from Friday Night Lights

“What we do in life echoes in eternity.”
– Maximus, from Gladiator

“Every man dies, but not every man really lives.”
– William Wallace, from Braveheart

”Nobody is gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain’t how hard you can hit. It’s how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. 
It’s how much you can take, and keep moving forward. That’s how winning is done.”
– Rocky, from Rocky Balboa

“I don’t want excuses. I know what you’re up against. We’re all of us up against something. So you better make up your mind, because until you have the balls 
to look me straight in the eye and tell me this is all you deserve, I am not letting you fail. Even if that means coming to your house every night until you 
finish the work. I see who you are. Do you understand me? I can see you. And you are not failing.”
– Erin Gruwell, from Freedom Writer

“It is not our abilities that show what we truly are. It is our choices.”
– Dumbledore, from Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets

“The flower that blooms in adversity is the most rare and beautiful of all.”
– The Emperor, from Mulan

“You know, the ancient Egyptians had a beautiful belief about death. When their souls got to the entrance to heaven, the guards asked two questions. Their 
answers determined whether they were able to enter or not. ‘Have you found joy in your life?’ ‘Has your life brought joy to others?’”
– Carter Chambers, from The Bucket List

Frodo: “What are we holding onto, Sam?”
Sam: “That there’s some good in this world, Mr. Frodo, and it’s worth fighting for.”
– Frodo and Sam, from The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers

“The accident is your training. Life is a choice. You can choose to be a victim or anything else you’d like to be.”
– Socrates, from Peaceful Warrior

“Strange, isn’t it? Each man’s life touches so many other lives. When he isn’t around he leaves an awful hole, doesn’t he?”
– Clarence the angel, from It’s a Wonderful Life

“Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it.”
– Rafiki, from The Lion King

“We must let go of the life we have planned, as so to accept the one that is waiting for us.”- Joseph campbell

“The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched- they must be felt with the heart.”- Helen keller

“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” - Mae West

“The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.”
- Walter Bagehot

“I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.”- Winston Churchill

“He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight.”
- Sun Tzu

“The resistance that you fight physically in the gym and the resistance that you fight in life can only build a strong character.”
- Arnold Schwarzenegger

“When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.”
- Donald Trump

